uh how about a big round of applause for
Rami Yusuf season 3 of Romney
dang this
uh good to see all these brown people on
the upper west
92nd Street oh my God yeah never started
behind the curtain what an exciting we
were just sitting here it was that we
felt very extra yeah yeah yeah we're
just in darkness coming up
um we were watching it from the back how
did it feel to watch you guys didn't
know this Romney was in the back of the
of the auditorium watching you guys
watch
season three yeah I was watching you uh
it knows it was we saw a bit of yeah
it's it's really
um this is a show that I think can feel
very personal we get into characters
private moments it and there's something
about getting to see it with an audience
and this many people it was just really
exciting so really grateful to you guys
coming out that was a blast just getting
to watch that all right
has everybody has everybody seen all of
season three
all right okay cool okay cool has anyone
seen none of it and tonight was your
first night yeah
oh [ __ ] oh that's cool y'all just y'all
just like [ __ ] with Romney you're like
all right
definitely we'll jump ahead okay yeah
you want should we start at the
beginning
wherever you want to start all right so
I'm gonna this is by the way this is how
we hang out now like uh the only way I
can hang out with my friends is if I if
I go to their podcasts or moderate their
discussions
um
but you know I don't know if you
remember this but I think it was 2017
you sent me the the one of the first
drafts yeah of what the pilot of
episode one season one episode one was
gonna be wow and and when I even when I
dread that draft and some of those
scenes didn't make it in yeah like from
the first scene I was like oh [ __ ]
Romney's crazy
romy's out of his [ __ ] mind because
every topic were kind of low-key not
supposed to talk about you're like all
right how do we heighten this it'll be
like sex porn abortion a mom cursing
like crazy like it was you just stack
every scene
um
want you for for the audience here kind
of break down how you
crafted that pilot episode and why you
wanted to create this world of like the
the Hassan family
um well they are there the last name is
Hassan we took we took his first name
yeah but they double asked it so let's
yeah we double lasted it we made it we
made it out of
um you know I think
again kind of
the the thing that I wanted to make was
I I was really obsessed with the idea of
creating that feeling of um of a
relationship with God in in in in the
guilt that can come with it and the hope
that can come with it and that internal
feeling that can happen and I like this
idea of that spiritual grappling that we
all have and and I think when I say God
I really mean the Unseen I just mean
that that that we all have so many
different references in how we talk
about it
um and I think even like you know the
way that we talk about faith can can
feel muddled because people have so many
kind of negative things that go with it
and positive things and whatever and I
guess that whole wrestling match was
what was interesting to me how do we
talk about it in a real way not in a way
that's dismissive yeah like all those
things how do we make room for all of
that but I thought what was so different
about your show when it first came out
is it's so different than the anti-hero
stuff by the way Rami is a character
just gets worse and worse season to
season like you're somehow even worse in
the season
I thought there was no way you could top
season two
it's yeah it's like it's like yeah yeah
like I feel like you were watching
Breaking Bad and you're like nah I can
go harder in the paint
but what what's so cool is there was
there was a a whole genre of TV shows
with anti-hero right like oh I I don't
want to be a good person yeah I think
what was so cool about your show was
that you you actually authentically
showed a guy who's like no I I believe
like I'm down I actually believe in in
God and I believe in trying to be a good
person it's not a corny or pejorative
thing of like that's that's kind of
cliche or trite
um and then you just kept stacking the
deck of circumstances that make it so
difficult what made you realize like I
gotta attack it this way well if the
goal is trying to be good the most
interesting way to see that is watching
somebody uh struggle with that and and
and be unable to hide you know and I
think I I think we think a lot about
while we're making the show is how do
you take that idea of who you think you
are and then see who you actually are
right and and I think for me I don't
find him to be an anti-hero and I'm not
even saying you're calling him that I
don't think he is I think he's just
really naked I think that we're seeing
everything that drives him we're seeing
his his jealousy his anger his lust his
his his you know his own kind of these
things that I think plague everybody
we're seeing them really naked in the
way that you know someone could you
could almost be in someone's head you
know but but it's all Spilled Out and
part of this character is he kind of
just can't shut up you know and and he
finds himself in these situations where
you know
um he's kind of unable to uh control
himself and and he's unable to really
you know zoom out of the the the smaller
picture that he's in and I think humans
can be that way so I think he's a really
human character and I think what we
realized as we were making the show very
organically was we were kind of watching
this ego death little by little you know
we're seeing this optimism and who he
thinks he is then we're seeing him
really he's trying to be in this this
this Sufi center with this shake and
this idea of a religious person and that
falls apart because it wasn't as sincere
as it could have been yeah I think it
burns it all down he burns it down and
then we kind of see him give up on
himself this season yeah and um and I
think part of what I'm excited in
crafting is you know one more chapter of
this where we actually see him turn a
more hopeful Corner towards what could
be uh an actual relationship with
himself in an actual relationship where
he he kind of is actually aligned with
his values and and I think tracking that
is something that
um means a lot to me because I think
um the show resonates really well with
people who are lost and confused
um you know people who uh is this those
are that's my fan base
[Music]
it's like who are you trying to Target
you know the Lost
um but but I think he you know I think
he's he's emblematic of of
um maybe not who everyone is but I think
that I think you could see a little bit
of some part of your journey or some
part of your doubt or some part of
um a period of your life maybe in in
what you see in the Rami character and
then also as a show I'm really obsessed
with the other characters I mean we did
a screening tonight where it's like yeah
I don't I think maybe I was in one scene
yeah like I don't it's like there's so
much going on here uh we have I think
why are you not in your own show
Robbie's not in the show at all well
because we got we've got this amazing
cast and I'm obsessed with this is crazy
isn't the cast incredible they're
unbelievable it's like
you're unbelievable
they're unbelievable like all right so
let's just like let's uh
let's give them their flowers how did
you stack the squad like there are there
are no weak links
none no I mean I think like it it a lot
of it is personal relationships and
people I was really interested in
writing for and seeing them in in a
different light yeah
so
I could break down the cast quick break
it down yeah uh armor Wackett plays my
dad I just grew up watching him on TV
the fact that you know he was interested
this is like Egyptian movie star celeb
situation uh and you what would be the
Desi equivalent
what's the basically I'm not even you
know they're like Hollywood equivalent
I'm like oh [ __ ] that [ __ ] yeah uh
no like would he be like Amitabh
Bachchan like is he like a older like OG
[Applause]
oh wow
wow
[Laughter]
I'm very
uh did you know I'm awake before my show
no but live
but like listen we want I'm not gonna
make this like a Masjid argument right
now but it's like we watch our culture
yeah it's like don't even like we're not
gonna do the Bollywood like come on bro
no I would love if you send me you've
never you've never texted me about me
once to be like never put me onto any
Bollywood I haven't that's true that's
not me that's not me that's not me I'm
just supposed to be out here on my own
navigating it by myself I yeah I am that
kind of arrogant about it yeah find it
on your own no I mean that's you got to
bring people to it I did this by the way
we're just gonna take a quick tangent I
did the CBS Sunday Morning interview
with Willie Geist and he I was I was
like
and he goes who and you don't know who
the [ __ ] runby are saying is
and then I did this whole rant about
like you should know and yeah and it was
but did you send him some links
afterwards yeah no no no no just left
him out I actually didn't he was like I
don't know man he was really on one
about this not me not knowing a
Bollywood star anyways see this is
sailing in community outreach I know I'm
not doing a good job I'm just shaming
people you know the shame that you're
trying to make me feel for not knowing
bollywood's finest is you know we got to
move past that okay
this is a this is a moment of you know
the I'm away could just Legend yeah my
best
just unbelie she's unbelievable she's in
everything I mean and and low-key and
everything and you don't and I think
that you know getting the right for her
on this show uh has been one of my
favorite things you know she's on uh
other popular shows in which like that I
love but I'll be like why she's so good
why why is she not doing more and then
we get to bring her here and and it's
just one of the most fun things and
she's someone who's grown with the show
you know obviously actor this season she
produced our second episode that we shot
in Jerusalem she directed our seventh
episode
um is a big backbone of of what we do
um so hiam I was very excited about I
didn't think we would get her because of
succession because our shows were
shooting at the same time when they
first started yeah and uh we worked out
like a thing with HBO where they were
like okay which almost never happens
like anyone who knows just how TV runs
it's just it's almost impossible to make
the schedule it's almost impossible not
even just it's like they'll be like oh
we have this person signed we can't get
them so just true Miracle to get her
um
May calamari plays my sister I knew her
through my acting school that I went to
esper studio in New York shout out esper
we knew each other for a few years
before and I remember first lunch I ever
had with her I was like oh she could
play my sister like and like I knew I
know about that yeah I just I sat with
her at Cafe mogador and I was like oh I
think you could be my sister and
um and and I remember you know laith
nackley who plays Uncle Naseem he you
know he I've known him since I was 18
years old
um we we did the Arab Comedy Festival
together excuse me stand up no he was
doing sketch there was a sketch comedy
wing of of the Arab Comedy Festival
um and we we did this this thing
together and and it was interesting he'd
book a couple TV things always just
playing yeah terrorist whatever yeah and
and I remember thinking he could be so
much more I was like dude you like you
could be a racist like let's get going
[Music]
and so I you know I wrote this role with
him in mind
um and then obviously it's like
Dave Mirage mohammer you know these are
guys that I have toured with I love you
know I made Moe's show with him as well
and you know we like we all lived
together you know there was there was
this apartment I remember that it all
lifted me for like a year Dave lived
with me for like half a year yeah and
we're just sitting daydreaming like oh
man what if we do you know Steve way who
you know we wrote this role I've known
him since I was 10 years old wrote the
role Steve my buddy with muscular
dystrophy and I remember the network
saying who's gonna play Steve and I said
Steve yeah and did they make him test us
Steve of course he had hilarious they
didn't know who he was they'd never seen
him in anything yeah and then they they
kind of see him and then they go wow who
is this person you know so this is this
cast is
um obviously you know our parents the
you know hiam and armed known in certain
circles but everyone else just kind of
this Hidden Gem waiting to to to have
something written for them so that's
part of you know to answer your question
it's like from the Inception of the show
I was really excited to write for other
people and yeah and and that's why even
from season one you know I'm 10 episodes
I'm only in seven of them and then as we
kind of go I'm yeah maybe arguably in
less and less but but the the the the
joy of shaping the show and working with
them is really fun for me so seeing the
scene
I think like pound for pound this is one
of the best shows on television your
scene work the way he Stacks it up like
like the scene where she has to go get
an abortion in the car with the like
ever any time I'm like there's no way
you could heighten this you always find
a way to hide in this and I don't think
people know this but Romney's superpower
is he's able to kind of summarize a
major
like plot point or twist you can always
do it in a sentence and you'll tell me
these things in between Seasons so I
remember after season one I was like yo
Uncle Naseem is so unlikable okay he
goes in season one uncle and the scene
is pretty full-on full current Kanye
like full on like hard in the paint
straight up straight up straight up and
then you were like I go how are you
gonna how are you gonna make this guy
remotely likeable and I'm a re-whispered
you're like in season two we find out
he's gay
and that episode really humanizes this
guy who is yes he is a bigot but he is
also in the closet and he's like
repressing this every thing inside of
him that he that he knows he is you know
yeah and the interesting thing is like I
don't even think it makes him likable I
mean and like I I I even the goal with
something like that right it's almost
like looking at a guy who's carrying
um hatred who's carrying misogyny who's
lashing out at other people yeah and
then understanding
what place is there for him in society
so therefore he starts to hate Society
right and and he's kind of this equal
opportunity hater I mean we have this
scene you know where in the season three
where he's ranking the races he doesn't
like which is it's kind of an insane
scene right but but you know he he
almost kind of uh takes this joy in this
idea that you you know he's going to
hammer in on differences but it actually
is all love but he's actually really
scared and I think for me in the
position that I mean it's almost like
it's not like explaining it it's not
saying in a way of saying oh that's okay
to be that way it's more a lot of what
the show is is kind of saying hey this
is what it is and I think I I like to be
in a position where again we show it in
a naked context you know uh and
technically there is no nudity
um uh despite like what um like my
parents think I'm like there's no nudity
in this show
um but but it is kind of you know how do
we show things as they are and and then
what conversations could that start and
almost like looking at that existing
discomfort in a show like this and then
saying well why is this character that
way and then you could get mad at the
show but then it's like well why is real
life this way you know why is this what
we're seeing in our communities and our
families and I was actually just having
this conversation with um with someone
right before the show about there's this
um a really funny Jewish show called
stissel and there's a a an uncle that
hates Muslims you know and and I didn't
even know and they also got some cousin
stuff so there's interesting like
um uh I I didn't even know about it
until we had made a bunch of the show
yeah and then and then someone told me
about it I was like oh wow we're kind of
getting it the same thing yeah where
we're looking at these things in our
communities and we're saying well why is
that and let's kind of create this
ecosystem and and and really
um try and show these feelings in a way
that you kind of can't talk about in
real life yeah it was you know I think
what's so great is you actually in my
opinion just go super hard in the paint
you act you don't hold back and a lot of
times when you're pitching a show or
you're you're turning in like drafts to
the network they'll always give you this
note of like you know Uncle Naseem isn't
very likable or like why would Rami
continue to make these mistakes again
and again what is redeemable about him
or yeah they'd be like
you know the mom just keeps saying the f
word you know I don't I don't know if
that's uh if that's gonna train but what
makes you go
I I really don't care about that I want
to just show people like I want to be
show them as authentically raw as you
were saying naked as possible what makes
you yeah again like I mean you think
well one is like big UPS to Hulu they
really give us
um a lot of creative freedom to make the
show truly I mean and it's really
exciting because it's it's it's
sometimes stuff you're not subtitle the
Arabic parts and they're like oh they're
probably saying something nice
[Laughter]
um you know again it's like it's this it
you know it's looking at
I think it's really important to have an
opportunity to look at how things are
and I think that getting to discuss it
in a TV show uh is exciting you know
because
again in our communities where there's a
lot of stuff we don't talk about so I
had a buddy of mine call me and he goes
dude I was at the mosque
the Imam was talking about you
right and I was like oh what was he
saying something good yeah yeah yeah and
he was like nah and I was like
yeah and I was like crazy yeah I
probably are like material dude oh my
God these guys were running out of stuff
I mean I gave them like a whole season
of kotbuzz
they're like they they watch a season
they're like we're good till January we
got enough
this the sermon yeah the sermon playlist
stacked
but I like that in a way and it's not
it's not about
respect it's not about like I hate
myself or I want you know uh all presses
a bad press no it's interesting to
create a reference point in which we can
talk about things that are difficult to
talk about in communities so someone
doesn't have to say uh I'm gay someone
can say oh hey what do you think about
that Uncle Naseem character and and and
what if someone was gay asking for Uncle
Naseem you know you don't have to put
yourself
on the line you know or you could say
hey I'm really struggling with the
amount of Shame I'm feeling and and what
how do we talk about that and you don't
have to put yourself on the line so
creating a reference point where you
know everyone kind of I think used the
show within our communities and and
feels almost it's almost this like
mirror-like thing where people are maybe
seeing something they don't want to see
uh and that's creating a reaction or
they're seeing something they always
wished they could see and so all those
conversations are are are really
exciting for me you know and and I think
that they um they make me feel like uh
yeah like hopefully we're we're
contributing something you know where do
you start because like I notice that
you'll have these
I think pound for pound like also some
of your bits your misdirection bits
are so amazing and then to see it end up
in the show so like if you've seen has
anyone here seen his HBO special
feelings Ramen use of feelings so his
bit about cousins like you ever go to a
cousin's wedding and something cousin
you grew up with and you feel like you
had a Vibe and then
you go to their wedding and you can't
get over it and then you talk about
double well y'all are shaming you it's
just you can't double cousin I think you
remember the joke better than I do yeah
so that's a major storyline you're like
oh I'm not just going to make this like
a two-minute joke let's let's stretch
the series yeah let's make this a seven
game series let's go to Egypt let's do
the whole thing let me Vibe with my
cousin seriously yeah yeah what uh
what makes you know that all right this
is the seat of something like really
special
it's the kind of thing that just keeps
having layers you know and and I think
that there's
um again we kind of create this
opportunity where uh you could talk
about the thing that's hard to talk
about and and so when when it's there
and it feels like oh we can watch the
characters swim around in that for a
while we can watch them you know have
meaningful conversations and then but
but even before all of that I'm like yo
this just really makes me laugh like you
know and if I'm saying it on stage I'm
like this just it's just first and
foremost so it really makes me yeah and
then how do we show it in a funny light
and in a dramatic light and in a human
light and and and and you know how much
runway do we have with that uh yeah it
gets to be really fun you know so so I
think when I first started talking about
uh even you know cousin's stuff on stage
or whatever
um I could kind of feel it in the room
of like people being like why are you
talking about that and then I could also
feel it from certain people being like
yeah but you know I agree like I get it
um and and I think that little that
little intersection of why but yeah yeah
like why but yeah but maybe no but all
right I guess you know like that that
whole journey
um is fun yeah
so uh a lot of people may not have
watched the credits but Rami directs a
lot of episodes over the course of the
whole series yeah so writer star Creator
director what do you think in your
opinion uh is the most important thing
you're looking for as a director when
you're directing stuff and you're
setting the tone
um of the world because I've heard
from Friends mutual friends they're like
rami's gift AZ says Ronnie's gift is
understanding tone and his Mastery of
tone and you've you've described we
don't have to name other shows but bad
shows you're like are bad at managing
tone they're inconsistent in tone so how
did you know how to lock in on just like
the vibe and the mood of this show and
keep tone consistent right I mean I
think like you know it's interesting
because the
um in a way
the tone on the show has evolved and
kind of shifts you know and I think like
I've tried to kind of manage the tone
almost in the way that you know you
would see like years of someone's life
you know where there's like years where
someone feels more hopeful and then
there's years where you kind of are a
bit depressed and then we're kind of
seeing this year where okay he's given
up on himself and so
um making sure that yeah the camera is
doing that too and the music is doing
that and the performances are doing that
uh is really fun is really exciting and
and it's really like how do we uh yeah
hone all of that in a way that um
that that gets it gets this that gets it
across in a way that can be like as
funny as possible the scenes are killing
it in just dialogue right it's not crazy
cranes yeah well that's a big thing too
like not overdoing it you know I mean
and I think you know a lot of times you
know I'm definitely someone who and I'll
talk about this in my DP a lot where you
know I'll be like dude it's the scene is
too important and we can't do fancy
camera [ __ ] and then because there's
just too much dialogue going on how
simple can we get and and we have a few
like even in this in this um in this
third episode that we watch tonight
there's this like uh scene with you know
Farooq uh explaining the Bad Bunny
lyrics
to Mesa and it's a three minute one shot
you know and and and we had a couple of
like the network was like giving notes
of can we make this shorter can we do
this can we do that and I was like no
because the second you cut you're gonna
it's gonna feel like you're leaving that
car and like I need this Bad Bunny
explanation
to feel as tense as possible yeah I need
him selling these plates that's another
shot that we never cut like I need that
to feel like he's committing murder he
is selling his wife's plates and like
that that is like we gotta you know we
gotta stick with that and so finding
those moments and being able to do that
is is definitely you know yeah one of my
favorite things who's the DP for season
three Claudio Realty he's amazing he's
so like he just the ideas he brings and
and and he gets this stuff better than I
do and he'll he'll really you know I've
learned a lot from him and he he he set
up so much uh just so many frames where
I'd like step away and then come back
and be like oh my God that's great you
know that's that's really dope and then
there'll be times where we'll adjust
where I'll be like hey you know
how do we step the visuals up of this or
how do we bring them down or whatever
and so we shot list everything together
and we're kind of in constant
communication about you know what that
looks like he did Seasons uh two and
three he was our a camera operator and
then moved up and it's something really
interesting about the show is a lot of
people have moved up in this show which
is you know we have Pas who have become
in our writer's room you see credits on
our show a lot of those people started
as Pas on this show they were doing
lunch Order season one and now they're
writing or they're in the show you know
and that's something that you know I'm
very excited about because yeah the the
people who have those ideas and you know
you know it from when we started doing
stand up you could tell you're at the
you know we'd be at the open mic yeah
you see you know like it's a crazy thing
in comedy because you can you can watch
someone do just one good joke in like a
crowded Open Mic bar and and and and
just from that one you could be like oh
oh my God like that you could see her
future his future right away you're like
oh my God like just from one joke yeah
and then and then you're like Okay cool
so that one joke worked you just got to
do like an hour of that joke of that
looks like that you know but it scales
and it's the same thing you know I think
what do you think the joke was that you
did where you were like this could be
Romney
in terms of what could be Rami I
actually know the exact joke you know
and it was this joke that I I believe in
God God yeah yeah
that did on on Colbert yeah yeah I
believe you know I believe in God God
not yoga I I I I I grew up in a
religious community
um where the gay people had to come out
to the religious people now I live in LA
and I'm a religious person who has to
come out to the gay community
and I remember being like shaking that I
mean I had a 45 minute tape but that was
the beginning of the tape and taking it
to networks and being like yo this is
the show and and this is the tension
that we're playing with and it's like he
wants it all he wants Mecca he wants
Burning Man and
and you know that
he wants it all the claps are the mecca
fans the blues are the Burning Man
people yeah no one who's been to Mexico
like that's not uh what do you think the
Venn diagram is is like hudged to
Burning Man Nice to Burning Man Venn
diagram Ben diagram of like skinny I've
been I've been to both it's getting
bigger yeah yeah it's getting bigger
everyone's looking for spirituality yeah
yeah everyone wants to go to the desert
yeah everyone
everyone wants to go to the desert and
be forgiven yes
you know what I mean it's so funny when
I talk to people like who went to
Birdman they're like dude it was just
all love
yeah yeah yeah
it doesn't matter what clothes you're
wearing yeah no they have like their own
Haram kind of thing yeah
yeah but that that you know again you
can kind of see that from the beginning
and so that's what's been really fun
about this process of making the show is
working with people at all these various
stages and just kind of you see it
whether it be what they say on set or
certain conversations or you know um
people who will PA with us or you know
be assistants will send you a script or
an idea for a scene or something or
whatever and you can just see it you see
like this small thing and then you
understand oh wow that could really grow
and I want to be a part of that and so
the show genuinely is just full of
people that I want to be just a part of
what they're doing because I think
they're so cool kind of like yo I want
to write for you or I want you to be on
screen or I want this or want that like
that that is is is is is truly like it's
really fun to do it together so so even
though it's like yeah my name is on a
bunch of it and obviously I'm the one
who kind of has the authorship of where
this particular project is going this
group is so talented that you'll see
over the next and it's already happening
I mean we have like three Marvel action
heroes it's crazy I know like so like
he's on moon night and late night
because it missed Miss Marvel and and
you know we we have people who have
already just off this show you know mo
got you know his Netflix show and he's
Black Adam everyone's a superhero and
and do you ever feel a certain way
you're like that I'm not every day yeah
yeah uh
I'm like come on guys I couldn't yeah
you know but you know I'm not gonna get
greedy but it no but but you know you'll
see it I think I think it'll be even
over the next five ten years you know
whether on screen or behind the camera
this this is like a really you know
special group everyone's gonna do really
cool things all right so
I think the soundtrack is fire I love
yeah yeah I love episodes ending and
then being like what's the song that's
gonna be over the credit right yeah
that's a critical decision yeah how did
you pick the playlist
um I'm you know I think there's like I
have a you know our music supervisor Rob
Lowry is amazing uh him and I talk all
year
um we have a really
um you know intimate relationship in
that sense but I I kind of walk around a
lot and I got playlists of you know
between Seasons where I'm like okay we
got to put this on next season we got to
put this song we gotta put this on and
it's not all you know Arab stuff or
anything like that it's it's all stuff
that like is gonna hit you know the
emotion there's this song
one of my favorite songs and for anyone
who's seen the whole third season
you know it's at the end of episode nine
it's by this folk group the Rochas these
three sisters uh and it's this song
called All in the Family that is uh it's
like chilling acoustic song uh by these
like three women from you know the 70s
uh that you know I don't think you would
think oh man bumping this this has got
to be on Rami you wouldn't think like
that's got to be on the show yeah but
then you kind of watch you just saw on
Spotify rap caviar and it just comes up
like how do you get how do you get it
queued up well you're just like in a
coffee shop and you're like what is this
I don't I don't even know how I found
the Roshes I mean I think that song I
might it might be a song I've been
listening to for 10 years like a lot of
stuff is stuff that's just it entered
you know however I heard it I don't even
know that I could always
track like the the genealogy of it but
it's like we all had these songs we're
obsessed with I mean this is great
um Malcolm Gladwell podcast about uh
like all the songs you listen to in high
school like they're actually garbage but
you think they're amazing yeah and and I
think a lot of this process with the
show I'll be like
bringing things out from high school and
I'm like is this actually good or is
this you're like Nelly yeah
does that hold up Jagged Edge are we
good no and also I grew up in Jersey so
I had like just some emo stuff
that never makes the show I think yeah
um but yeah so so you know the placement
of it is something we think about a lot
we obviously you know we created this
relationship season one with Habibi Funk
um and which which is awesome you know
uh and they they did an amazing job and
continue to do an amazing job of
digitizing a bunch of North African
artists uh and taking stuff I mean this
dude Giannis will find you know he'll
like fly to sedan and find an old
cassette and you know that he heard
somebody had and digitize it and not
only do that but monetize it and he's
like sending checks to people who
haven't gotten money for their music in
decades you know and the show really was
a big part of Habibi Fung taking off
which is really cool where I actually
just went to Egypt and I and I sat down
with Henny Schnoodle who wrote our theme
song and who uh is just this legendary
Egyptian producer and and and you know a
lot of the music we use on this show
yeah was from his side project
so he was producing for like office and
all these big Egyptian artists who for
the Middle East just powerhouses and
they're doing these amazing ballads but
then hanny's kind of like no I want to
do this like funky stuff and everyone in
Egypt was like dude this is gonna fail
and he put it out he'll do well but it
was never and never like peaked it never
hit hard it wasn't like a radio no not
like radio Smash and then you know now
it's amazing I mean not just the way
it's traveled through Spotify but after
being on the show it's like it's in
commercials it's at parties it's like
you know it's like I'll walk into cafes
and restaurants and they're playing it
and I don't think they're playing it
because I walked in but like it was just
like just yeah but but you know and so
when I met with him um
because we're putting out like a
commemorative record of it but he was
just he couldn't believe it he was like
I can't believe that I made you know
this record and you know I never felt
like it got like all the love that it
could have gotten in 40 years later
that's you know it's it's on American TV
it's at the Golden Globes so whatever so
that that was really cool you know that
was really cool yeah and that's just
because the song is good you know what I
mean it's not it's not like and it took
a lot of people for that to even you
know
be in a place that we could put it in
the show so how do you know like did you
even have an idea of what
um the opening theme song should feel
like
I'm always interested when I ask people
is it like did you did you call the shop
before or yeah did you was it just
sometimes it comes to you because I'll
have that too where it's like I know
what I want before yeah like I'll go to
the composer and I'm like I want it to
feel like this yeah and then there's
some times where I'm like I don't know
here's just look at the cut yeah you
tell me you know it's it's it's really I
put out the intention so I remember
saying I want a song and I was kind of
describing the whole musical style of
the show but especially when it came to
the theme song I was like I want
something that my grandmother would play
in Egypt and that you could play at an
NYU party
and everyone was like what are you
talking about yeah yeah
[Music]
you know which literally translates to
the Egyptians that's the name of the
band but like that that Vibe where I
play it and my grandpa's like I know
that that's the Egyptian soccer theme
like that was they used to play it at
Egyptian soccer games and on the TV
broadcast and yeah you play it you know
I was like yo what is that like let me
Shazam that like yeah you know I want I
want that on my playlist and so the
intention was there for sure yeah and
and I think you know and that's part of
the the title card sequence as well
seeing Ramen English rhyming Arabic and
they're almost like dancing with each
other because that was essentially the
thesis of the show it was this isn't
about erasing any part of oneself it's
about how do we synthesize in the times
that we're in and and so it's it's a lot
of thought went behind just what is that
like 10 second intro to the show yeah
that's dope yeah when um yeah give it up
for that yeah
it's so hard it's so hard like in comedy
and storytelling and in
uh like film and television specifically
Seasons ending and then beginning a new
season like there's so many shows you
watch here like bro end the series here
why are you yeah yeah why are we
continuing this yeah how did you know
like when I saw the end of season two
I'm like I don't even know where season
three is gonna start yeah but you have
this beautiful monologue That season
three opens with this cold open and then
you you have the reveal of that it's
Rami basically selling jewelry to
somebody at the store Eddie pepperton
yes and um
how do you decide where to start
because because of the opening of a
season or your opening joke and it's
like it's very difficult to choose your
life where do we start
yeah and you know the the amateur thing
would be like all right we're gonna pick
up yeah where we left off right right
right Remy is naked with mahershali and
she's trying to make up for it and
whatever you know what I mean yeah
so for people who haven't seen season
two they're like what happened
um the um the you know beginnings and
endings are are are hard but they then
they inform each other and so I think
for us you know each season we've kind
of jumped a bit of time and
set the stage for yeah what we're
dealing with and I think you know for
anyone who's watched the season or when
you do watch it that beginning very much
ties to what we're tracking the whole
series and and but very much this season
and it very much ties to our end and so
I think that
yeah for for us it was it was this
choice of wondering you know what were
the questions that he's probably been
asking between the last time we saw him
and he's wondering about fate and if
everything was written then why should I
even try and
why did I [ __ ] up you know and I think
we wanted to ask those questions and and
then the conceit was okay so we're doing
that and it's actually very sincere but
then again the most interesting thing is
when it's funny and then you realize oh
he's just saying this to a guy so that
he can sell him a ring yeah you know and
and we realize oh he's actually he's
become you know the salesman and and I
think that so much of what we look at in
this season and part of why we started
it this way is is um
capitalism is is really at the core of
of a lot of the issues was that like
fans of capitalism
that was like they're like
capitalism like that was like I saw them
in concert they're [ __ ] amazing dude
uh you like them too
um
capitalism uh
has has always and uh this might offend
you
um
fan of capitalism
um
it's always been at the core of this
story but I think that it is really in
the Forefront now and I think it's a lot
of what we're discussing and I think
that
it it's interesting like I I I I think
so much of the struggle that the parents
are having this season with paying off
the house yeah so much of the struggle
that Rami and and his business partner
Yuval are having going into this diamond
business that they're unsure of all of
this is just driven by these realities
of capitalism and I think I've always
wondered personally how does that shape
who you are how does it shape your
family and their anxieties and their
fears and how does it shape your own
spiritual relationship and what I mean
by that is that you know capitalism I
think is and and those ideas are so um
invasive that even the way we look at
religion is very capitalist because
everything is like you do this you get
this yeah so everything's transactional
yeah and so everything is like okay if I
make you know this amount of money
that's good if I lose my job that's bad
and then we think about our spiritual
lives that way right you know if I do
this bad thing oh I'm closer to hell if
I do this good thing I'm closer to
heaven but we're kind of losing the
essence of living yeah there's kind of
like this Mercy the essence of love you
know and so transactional is a great
word actually someone asked me this
question where you know we were we're
talking
um even you know in this in this season
Rami goes to Jerusalem and we were
talking about the characters that you
know spanned throughout the entire
season in the show but someone asked me
you know
um does Romney have like a transactional
thing with the Jewish characters in the
show you know and
I was I was just you know really clear
in the sense of like well he's kind of
transactional with everybody you know
everyone in a way is kind of
transactional in the way that they're
looking out for themselves and so much
of where this season actually culminates
is actually this you know when you see
it and if you've seen it is this moment
of family kind of coming together and
realizing that they need to be together
and and sitting in something that looks
a lot more like love than it does look
like self-interest but there's this
self-interest everywhere yeah so the to
me the the there's never this thing that
it's like oh you know we have this Mega
Shay this season
he's not the villain you know he's he's
emblematic of something you know Rami
has these people that he meets when he
goes to Jerusalem who are part of you
know the dime District they're not the
villain they are representative of where
a system gets you yeah so so in a way if
there is a villain it's it's it is
capitalism and I think that uh I'm sorry
but
I'm sorry and by the way I understand
the irony of this because we're we've
certainly you know we all benefit from a
capitalist system so it's not we all you
know I'm so an important thing for me in
making this show
um is you know first off there's always
a reminder that I didn't finish college
but then the the you know I never want
to be making a show that is ever
pointing people towards
necessarily this is what's right this is
what you do for as much as we talk about
morality it's not moralistic
um it's more
can we point out these things that are
clearly weakening our condition and I
think that yeah capitalism is one of
them I don't know the answer but it's
very clear that it's affected this
family and you know the idea of the
American dream and and and and and and
that's really what you know Egyptian
shark Tank's really all about
yeah you know yo we love shark tank well
it's the immigrants it's Rags to Riches
in 30 minutes yeah in 30 minutes you
could be an American you know like you
could be rich yeah I I used to think
thank you
um I used to think it was uh it was
Jeopardy but I I really think that
I really think actually shark tank is
the most immigrant friendly show because
all of our dads are kind of like why
didn't you start that company yeah yeah
they're always like but why isn't that
you yeah you know and then they're they
like they love the Monday morning
quarterbacking of like that's so [ __ ]
stupid yeah yeah yeah yeah I think yeah
it is our it is our favorite family
program someone sent me an article
yesterday that shark tank is actually
going to Egypt oh legit I saw that right
like a week after our show comes out
Legacy so yeah like it's it's that
happened to us last season too we we
invented virtual Hajj then they did it
uh
that's crazy right after the show two
months all right is there anything that
I don't know if you're allowed to but is
there anything that you cut that you
were like oh I wish I would have done
because people love I I love I love
knowing that right you ever been
watching basketball and someone they're
at the free throw line and they're
talking [ __ ] to each other and you're
like what are they talking about Let Me
In what's Kevin Garnett saying
what's Kevin Garnett saying
I'm trying to think if there's any Kevin
I'm telling you they're gonna love it
like what no but I would tell people
like hey I'm gonna cut this joke and
they'd be like
I'm trying to think because it's funny
because you even started you started
this talk it was calling me crazy and I
think it's because I don't cut those
things the whole show is the Kevin
Garnett conversation
um
no there there's there's
I can't think of a scene that that I
really wanted or a moment that I really
wanted that um there's like moments
within scenes or stuff that will cut for
time we'll cut for Pace or there's
certain bits of dialogue or whatever but
it's never because it was too crazy uh
we're certainly like yeah we certainly
keep the crazy in
um but but there's yeah there's like
things I want to do that we haven't done
but I'm trying to think if there's
anything like juicy that you guys would
be like oh [ __ ] uh
it's not interesting it's like oh
there's this praying scene yeah
uh uh do you have any ideas how you want
to start season four
yeah season four is just I have a lot of
clarity on on how it starts How It Ends
I had an ending image when we were
making season one and so
um yeah that there's there's a lot of a
photo of Walter White dead you're like
that's the way you gotta end a series
all right I'm gonna get into these
questions but before I I've always I
rarely get to do this
um this year has been kind of crazy in
the comedy community we've lost a lot of
comics rest in peace Jack Knight and uh
I've just done this as a personal thing
I just wanted to say Rami we don't get
to see each other that often but I think
I'm so honored to know you I think
you're one of the greatest storytellers
of our class I'm so proud of you so so I
love you so much I love you man and one
of the things I love when I watch the
show and it's so cool he lets me come by
and just visit the edit
but the test that I always have is
however I am with all my homies where
you're being just wild on WhatsApp
you're as wild as those WhatsApp
conversations are but you you brought it
all the way to Hulu it is it is yeah I
just want to say that should be our
tagline WhatsApp on Hulu yeah yeah no I
I it means so much and and and I I don't
know if you guys have gotten a chance to
watch Hassan's new Netflix special but
it's absolutely
amazing and and and also just watching
you as a performer too because you're
you're acting the [ __ ] out of that on
like a whole other level that's so
impressive and I got to see bits of it
at Radio City which actually is a really
interesting story because this is this
this was one of the coolest things that
ever happened while shooting we were
shooting in the Diamond District and
that morning I'm texting with you and
you're like Yo dude like because we've
been talking about these Radio City
shows and our shooting schedule kept
moving and then I'm shooting you know
during it and and I thought it was gonna
bail yeah well no but because because I
go to them do when I'm shooting and and
then he goes all right if you get a
chance though if you have a gap
just come to Radio City and do a quick
set you know while we're filming so
we're filming in the Diamond District
it's like a long day yeah and then I'm
just on text with your stage manager and
I'm like hey you know I'm in the middle
of shooting a scene it's kind of an
important one and but I want to come do
the show and and literally the equipment
guys are like all right we're gonna move
from upstairs to downstairs and I look
at my first idea and I go how much time
is it going to take to move the
equipment from upstairs downstairs and
go all right well by the time I move
that and there's going to be a little
bit of a break I'd say 40 minutes
and I look and then I text your siege
manager I'm like could I be on stage in
10 minutes and she's like run
and I get out of wardrobe and I have a
PA meet me on the corner and it gives me
my sweater and I just run to Radio City
Music Hall like seven blocks yeah go
backstage you like literally we take a
picture you hand me the mic I go up how
many people are seated in Radio City it
was crazy how many people know I don't
even know if they didn't know the
capacity or variously because he's being
he's being modded six thousand and this
guy sold it out like every single show
crazy
unbelievable and so it was just a crazy
thing of like shooting on set they're
moving equipment I go to stand up for 6
000 people warm them up for you and then
go back and then on the way to I was
texting with Mo about something because
a cut had come in for one of the
episodes of Mo and then I was also that
morning working with um Sahar jahani who
was a writer on our on our first season
and uh developing something with her and
we had gotten notes back from HBO Max on
this script and it was this day where I
went home at the end of the day and I
was like whoa It's amazing to see
everybody doing so well everybody has
health insurance it's great yeah it's
pretty it's like a mess that was I was
so grateful to just get to experience
that yeah man you know experiencing that
with everybody so so it was it was a
really uh I'm very very thankful for you
so let's get into the handwritten
questions
all right
uh Rami and Huston you both have so much
agency over your art what advice can you
give Young Artists to honor our vision
ideas and culture
what can you sacrifice and what not
love you both besta
that's really sweet what advice can you
give
Sid Ramen House I've been talking all
night yeah what advice can you give
Young Artists to honor our vision ideas
and culture what can you sacrifice and
whatnot I mean for me it's just
basically like
um my wife Bina just has super veto over
the Google Doc
so what I try to do is I try to go as
hard as I can in the paint and then be
like hey this is about to go public like
it should be like take that out yeah it
should be like come on don't do that
you know and then um
I try to make it scare me a little bit
yeah but I I really do look up to Romney
like Rami is a person I'm like man we
could we could go so much harder we
could be way crazier like even I
remember you you said this as a
throwaway line like I want a free
Palestine but I'm horny and then that's
I think that's like the whole take of
302. yeah and I'm like but I'm horny
such a good bar yeah like you're you're
just little couplets like it's crazy
well no but the the thing you're talking
about like Egyptian Rick Rubin you're
like
it's a [ __ ] record
no it it like that thing about not being
afraid and I think you talk about this
in your first special
um
you kind of isolate that phrase you know
what will people say yeah right yeah and
and you did it in such a clear way and I
think making something and anyone who
wants advice on making something it's
really
um
don't focus on what people say focus on
what do you think needs to be said and
and and how do you how do you do that
and do that in your own way and
understand that it will not be for
everybody you know and and and and there
are you know again like I I know a few a
few shakes and a few who aren't even
shakes that uh it's not for them but but
that's okay you know I think I think
knowing that
um
that that's not the goal the goal is to
say what you think should be said yeah
and that there is resistance or that is
that there is disagreement or even that
you didn't do it perfectly right because
it's like I could look back I mean even
watching the third season it's the
result of even looking back at 20
episodes and saying oh I want to do this
thing better I want to do that thing
better
um but that metric of what we think as a
team could be better even that's not so
much based on like criticism we're
getting from other people it's more like
oh well we're clear on what we want to
say and what we want to show and how do
we do that better just because we've
learned from getting to make it and so
um that that I think is is is the most
important thing you know
um and how did you mentally deal with
the thing of like I'm not gonna no
disrespect little mosque on the Prairie
this I'm not going to do like
likeability politics I'm gonna make okay
so so you bring up an interesting point
yeah and like you have to deal with the
thing of it drops right right it's it's
cool in the edit and and this happens
also in comedy you're surrounded by all
your homies and they're like yeah it is
amazing but they don't have to live with
the blowback of what you said yeah yeah
because how did you how do you kind of
deal with that but that's what's
interesting though is like even you know
referencing little amount little mosque
on the Prairie right it's like like that
that
when that came out
you know that that was that was the
first show of its kind yeah in Canada
female showrunner Creator and she got a
ton of blowback for that wow and it's
really interesting because we could look
at it and we can say oh man they don't
you know that was that was sanitized or
that was too sitcom me or whatever but
she was getting a ton of blowback for
even showing what she was showing and so
it's it's it's Everything is Everything
Builds on what came before it and I
think the gaps are really cool right so
I think there are even times where there
are certain things we don't cover on the
show you know this show for as much as
May calamari's in it and Yama bass is in
it does not star a woman right and that
leaves a gap right for the female
showrunner Creator that's gonna come in
and in her pitch to a network is gonna
say yo yay Rami was dope but [ __ ] that
guy he didn't do this let me show you
what we're gonna do yeah and those gaps
are important you know so they allow
like the next thing to come and I think
I'm again that's another thing that's
exciting need to be a part of because
you're like oh cool like we do what we
can and this is why it's so important to
be focused on just what you want to say
because when you're trying to say all of
it then you you you say none of it and
and when you just say what you want to
say it shows that that could work yeah
and that that could be a good show and
then it kind of creates the space for
someone else to say okay cool now I'm
going to be really specific about what
I'm going to say and and that Gap allows
allows that and so that that's exciting
yeah all right what did you have to do
to get Bella Hadid on the show
and then it says great season
this is just deep question after deep
question uh though no not much I mean we
you know we had a great couple
conversations and she you know I had
heard she wanted to act and we had
mutual friends and I wanted her to play
something that would just be funny and
that's such a flex we have mutual
friends that's such a flex
yeah you know yeah I just hang out with
models no it's not um no there's no just
you know
you know like the people I know it's
like oh they're a member of Congress I'm
like
either C-SPAN three famous like like
come on bro
having coffee bro Bella's gonna free
Palestine like wow all right but you
guys
I'm just thinking about you like you
just hanging out with Don Lemon yeah
like you and Wolf Blitzer yeah yeah
funny stuff man
you and wolf Blitz are at a Knicks game
Courtside would be iconic oh dude me and
Fareed Zakaria would be my dad
my dad's dream come true is me being
Fareed Zakaria he's so smart you know
it's just because he ever yeah he's just
like that could be used like it's classy
it's just classic like I couldn't show
him this like yeah yeah be like oh my
God all right where do we go from here
how do you expect Muslims how do you
expect Muslims we will be portrayed
differently in Western media
after the Rami show
um I think that you know there's
there's kind of hopefully an inflection
point where
um
you know
we could just be you know and I think I
think this show
there are certain things that we
um are excited to accomplish because
they feel really relevant to the
conversation that we're having now but I
you know as a
the the overall landscape but I think it
could be really exciting to you know I
just keep thinking you know you watch
something like Tim and Eric or Eric
Andre like a lot of these kind of I love
that just really irreverent odd comedy
yeah and I think we have a space in that
where we're not it's not political we're
not talking about it in existence in a
political sense and whatever I
personally dig talking about those
things and I think that I have an
offering to do in that in you know in
the best way that I can but I think we
get to places where yeah we just are
yeah we're just and that you follow this
guy Waleed on Instagram on Tick Tock oh
of course well it like that's where he's
just out there remember just rain
like he's just a wild dude yeah yeah
yeah just like having fun and it's just
sheer just like silliness and it's fun
yeah fun and silliness yeah you know and
I think that there's just room for
everything and so it it's it's about
being in a position where we just have
more options because I think it's really
scarce right now it's a crazy scarcity
there was that study that was done it's
like billion Muslims and then three per
you know it was point three percent
three percent it's a I don't quote my
stat it's not good though it's like a
bad stat and it and and and then you
know what are what do those characters
even look like you know in terms of how
diverse of a population we are yeah and
so there's a lot on the table you know a
lots left on the table so in terms of
where we go it's just more
um many would say the female Arab
American Experience is very unique what
inspired you to include this perspective
in your show this is from Yasmin yeah I
mean again like that it's not there and
I think that we
I'm proud of how we've dug into it over
the course of our show so far
um but again kind of like I said earlier
there's there's room for for something
that's led by somebody who can really
dig into their own life Bank in the way
that I get to you know
um and and that'll be that'll be really
exciting too but but yeah it you know
it's interesting like we almost take for
granted it's because it's like you know
you've had great success and we've been
able to do stuff with Mo and this show
as well and it's almost
it it it feels inevitable that they're
going to be and and again there have
been I mean if you look at at little
mosque if you look at lady Parts Anita
manzour she's doing amazing stuff that's
on peacock so that's that's like U.S is
amazing so so it's just about more you
know and like looking at that
conversation and so I think that
um we put it in our show because
we have Arab Muslim women in our
writer's room and we love you know those
stories
um but oh yeah what I was going to say
is the the thing is you know the idea of
even being a Muslim man or a air man uh
in this context I think we yeah we just
forget even though we have a few options
now it's like that's not something
people have really gotten to see outside
of the context of violence you know of
extreme violence right in in Western
media right so
um you know having these strong female
characters is really important and it it
it it is part of kind of what is a story
that's totally told from this you know
male perspective yeah this is the last
question then we'll get out of here
um what does being a Muslim mean to you
oh I was like better be better than that
capitalism answer
this is so funny when you can hear your
friend like I like oh you know no no I I
don't know who did the O but I know
there was a laugh there was a Danish
magbul laugh but the oh snap I know that
very specific yeah
why is dmac in the crowd
I don't know yeah he's like yo I'm
rolling up I'm like all right
um the what is being Muslim I mean it
trying to answer this
without
just got to be sincere yeah
that's mine like I want to say love but
it does feel like
don't haul Mark Carter can I say
can I say that love well
that's what I'm saying it's like I tried
to say it you're like bro like it's you
know like yeah
bro come on bro oh bro you're gonna say
look like that's what no that's what
this show is about it's like a guy tries
to show his feelings I was like man shut
up like come on dude
it's funny because do I need to shout it
Mercy forgiveness love
Community see now you don't care because
I'm shouting it and I'm angry no I'm
just up here saying I'm proud no you're
not you call me Hallmark I just tried to
say love I was struggling to say love
and you go Hallmark and now I gotta
shout love
uh
uh
we love you Rami I love you yeah
thank you guys
thank you
[Applause]
